In this section we're going to look at how applications can store data in a database.
We're going to start off with a discussion of databases in general.
Then we'll have a look at the database that's included with Android and that's is a lot that will load
the Escudo language often pronounced Seacole.
So it is well structured query language was designed for interrogating and updating relational databases.
Now it's a fairly simple language but it can allow very powerful queries to be created.
Now what you see in databases in an app.
There are simple approaches that can be used.
Generally though you have to assume that database access will be quite slow.
So Android provides low to classes that can be used to prevent yourself from appearing to hang wildcatters
fetched from the database.
So we'll also talk about curses and the Android content provider and content resolver classes.
Now we will be creating a very basic app in this section just to see a couple of ways that we can access
a database.
You know Android apps Politis sections will build on this knowledge and we'll be creating an app to
make full use of a database in the next section after this section of the course.
So let's get started.